README.md, before:

# 💰 Ultimate Black Friday / Cyber Monday 2024 Deals 🎯

Discover the best Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2024 software and SaaS deals! From productivity tools to premium software subscriptions, find exclusive discounts and offers to boost your tech stack without breaking the bank.

---

## 🛍️ Contents

- 💻 [Apps & Software](#apps) — Must-have productivity apps and tools
- ⚒️ [Developer Tools](#developer-tools) — IDEs, APIs, and dev toolkits at unbeatable prices
- 📚 [Books & eBooks](#books) 
  - 📗 [Programming Books](#programming-books) — Learn new languages and frameworks
- 👩‍🏫 [Courses & Learning Platforms](#courses) — Upskill with discounted courses
- 📩 [Newsletters & Communities](#newsletters) — Join the best tech & SaaS communities
- ♻️ [SaaS Software](#saas-software) — Subscriptions to streamline your business
- 🎨 [Themes & Design Resources](#themes) — Premium design assets and themes
- 🔌 [Plugins & Extensions](#plugins) — Enhance your apps and workflows
- 🧬 [Standalone Scripts & Code Snippets](#standalone-scripts) — Save time with ready-made scripts
- 🤖 [AI Tools & Automation](#ai-tools) — AI-powered tools for next-gen productivity
- 🛒 [Marketplaces](#marketplaces) — Find deals across popular software marketplaces
- 🌈 [Marketing & SEO Tools](#marketing-tools) — Turbocharge your marketing efforts
- 💾 [Other Software](#other-software) — Hidden gems and niche software deals
- 🔖 [Places to List Your Black Friday Deals](#places-to-list-your-black-friday-deals) — Share your own offers!

---

## 🛍️ Contribute to the Black Friday & Cyber Monday Deals 2024! ✍️
We invite you to contribute to our curated list of deals for Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2024! Your contributions help everyone find the best offers and maximize their savings.

### How to Contribute:
🔁 **Send a Pull Request**  
If you have a deal to share, please add it by submitting a pull request. Make sure to place your deal at the end of the relevant category (first come, first merged).

👤 **Non-Techie?**  
No worries! You can submit your deal using this [form](https://forms.gle/hTP9TpUuTZjMaypk6).

---

## Let's Make This Repository Trending!
⭐ Star this repository to help it gain visibility and trend on Black Friday! The more stars we get, the better the deals we can find together!

### Adding Your Deals:
Feel free to add your app's deal below in the relevant section. Please follow the discount emoji guidelines:

| Emoji | Discount Percentage |
|-------|---------------------|
| 💵    | Less than 20%       |
| 💰    | Between 20% and 50% |
| 🤑    | 50% or more         |

### Don't Forget:
👉 Give this repo a star to make it popular this Black Friday! ⭐🤩  
👉 Bookmark this page so you can return next year for more great deals in 2025! 📆🤩  

---



## <a name="apps"></a> 💻 Apps
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |	[OK JSON](https://okjson.app/) | A scriptable JSON formatter for macOS. |50% OFF, both on the Mac App Store and the website with code BF2023 from Nov 23 – Nov 29 |
| 💰  | [RunJS](https://runjs.app/) |A playground for JavaScript and TypeScript  |30% OFF (automatically applied) until 30th November|
| 🤑  | [DevUtils](https://devutils.com/) | All-in-one toolbox for developers. Fully supports Apple Silicon & macOS Ventura.	 |50% OFF with code BLACKFRIDAY_2023 |


## <a name="developer-tools"></a> ⚒️ Developer Tools
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Dotenv](https://dotenv.org/)  | Secrets for developers. Sync your .env files across machines, environments, and team members. |25% OFF forever with code BLACKFRIDAY_2023 Sign up and then email support@dotenv.org with the code. |
| 💰  |[Tailscan](https://tailscan.com/)  |The ultimate devtool for Tailwind CSS. Build, design and debug any Tailwind website visually with Tailscan, right within the browser.	  | 20% discount from 13th November until Cyber Monday (limited slots) |
| 🤑  |[myJson](https://myjson.online/?ref=awesomebf2023)  |A RESTful API for flexible storage of JSON data.	  |50% discount for 100k credits BF2023|


## <a name="books"></a> 📚 Books
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Tao of Node](https://alexanderkondov.gumroad.com/l/tao-of-node)  | Guidelines and best practices to build better REST APIs with Node and Express.	 | 50% OFF with code BLACKFRIDAY23 |
| 💰  |[Consuming APIs in Laravel](https://consuming-apis-in-laravel.com/)  |Learn how to confidently integrate third-party APIs in your Laravel projects using maintainable, testable and extensible code.	  |30% off with code BLACKFRIDAY2023 |
| 🤑  |[Vue School](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday)  |Master Vue.js and the Ecosystem	  | Get 60% OFF on a Vue School subscription|


## <a name="programming-books"></a> 📗 Programming Books
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Boost Your Django DX](https://adamchainz.gumroad.com/l/byddx)  | Tools and techniques to improve your Django development experience.	 |50% off from $39 to $19.50. No code needed.|
| 💰  |[	Battle Ready Laravel](https://battle-ready-laravel.com/)  | The ultimate guide to auditing, testing, fixing and improving your Laravel applications so you can build better apps faster and with more confidence.	 | 30% off with code BLACKFRIDAY2023|
| 🤑  |[JavaScript Interview Flashcards](https://darakondoff.gumroad.com/l/syzcwy/TPC50)  | An effortless way to learn fundamental JS concepts and prepare for your next interview.	 | 50% off with code TPC50. |


## <a name="courses"></a> 👩‍🏫 Courses
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[🧲 Building and Selling AI Startups](https://code4startup.com/black_friday/)  |Mega discount for the Bundle of AI Premium Series	  | 90 % discount from now until Cyber Monday. |
| 💰  |[	How To Build a SaaS Product](https://usegravity.app/how-to-build-a-saas)  | 25+ hours of video content teaching you everything you need to build a SaaS product. From authentication, design and payments to security and more.	 |30 % OFF from Black Friday until Cyber Monday with code BLACKFRIDAY23|
| 🤑  |[JavaScript Fundamentals in Visual Studio Code](https://store.coderslang.com/l/beginner-js/BF23)  | Gain mastery over JavaScript variables, types, functions, loops, objects, arrays, exceptions and more, as we lay the groundwork for your journey into dynamic web development. No fluff, just actionable knowledge to propel your skills forward.	 | 70% DISCOUNT with the code BF23|


## <a name="newsletters"></a> 📩 Newsletter & Communities
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[	SubSearchr - 1900+ Substack Newsletters Database](https://unapologeticih.gumroad.com/l/subsearchr)  |✓ Airtable databases including details such as Description, URL, Member Count, Creator, Categories, Links & filterable categories include Startup, AI, Entrepreneurship, Solopreneur, Tech and more.	  |50% OFF. Lifetime Access and Updates. Coupon Code:50SUBSTACK	|
| 💰  |[Readbetter.io](https://readbetter.io/)  | Readbetter lets you read your favorite newsletters and web articles on your Kindle! Automatically receive your Substacks & co. on Kindle instead of in your email inbox.	 |20% off all yearly plans with code BLACKFRIDAY|
| 🤑  |[Leave Me Alone](https://leavemealone.com/)  |  Easily unsubscribe from emails. See all of your newsletters in one place and unsubscribe from them with a single click.	|40% OFF (automatically applied)|


## <a name="saas-software"></a> ♻️ SaaS Software
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[HelpKit.so](https://www.helpkit.so/)  | Turn your Notion pages into a professional help center or documentation site. HelpKit comes with an embeddable widget, full-text search, AI chatbot, analytics, article reactions much more. Deliver instant help to your customers without ever leaving Notion.	 |35% OFF with code black_friday_23|
| 💰  |[StatusPal](https://www.statuspal.io/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome_blackfriday&utm_id=blackfriday23)  | Communicate about incidents and maintenance effectively with a beautiful Status Page - Powerful automations and API enable you to focus on solving rather than communicating.	 |30% OFF for 1 year with code AWESOME_BLACKFRIDAY until Nov. 29th|
| 🤑  |[HR Kit](https://leoai.gumroad.com/l/human-resource-kit)  |Comprehensive HR solutions for small and medium business	  |50% OFF with BF50 from November 21st - 28th (limited spots)|


## <a name="themes"></a> 🎨 Themes & Design Resources
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[ElementsReady Addons For Elementor](https://quomodosoft.com/deals/)  |  ElementsReady Addons is an Ultimate Solution for Elementor user with 100+ Free and Premimum widgets and 1000+ ready presets and Elements	|Upto 80% discount! Starting at $49/Lifetime|
| 💰  |[Gato GraphQL](https://gatographql.com/black-friday/)  |Interact with your data in WordPress: Bulk updates, Automation, Send notifications, Sync content, and more.	  |40% OFF the “All Extensions” Bundle|
| 💰  |[Themify Themes](https://themify.me/blog/massive-black-friday-sale-2023?utm=github)  | Premium WordPress Themes & Plugins, each theme can be used on an unlimited number of websites.	 |Massive Black Friday & Cyber Monday Sale – Enjoy 40% OFF or $75 on LIFETIME!|


## <a name="plugins"></a> 🔌 Plugins
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 💰  |[Bit Form](https://bitapps.pro/black-friday-deals-2023/?utm=github)  | Bit Form is the Best Contact Form Builder for WordPress. Build Highly Customized Forms in the Fastest & Easiest way possible.	 |Flat 40% discount! Starting at $23.40/Year|
| 💰  |[Essential Addons For Elementor](https://essential-addons.com/elementor/#pricing)  |The most popular Elementor widgets library for 1 million users, offering 90+ advanced elements.	  |Starting at $34, with up to a 40% discount!|
| 💰  |[Coupon Affiliates for WooCommerce](https://couponaffiliates.com/)  |Easily create a coupon-based affiliate program for your WooCommerce site.	  |30% OFF with code BF2023|

## <a name="standalone-scripts"></a> 🧬 Standalone Scripts
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[kQuote](https://kquote.vip/)  | The photographer's estimation and quotation system.	 |Up to 90% OFF. Coupon Code: KFOTO for Photographers , KFOTOSELLER for Resellers/Web Designers	|

## <a name="ai-tools"></a> 🤖 AI Tools & Automation
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[BoltAI](https://boltai.com/?ref=awesomebf)  | Native ChatGPT app for Mac. It allows entrepreneurs, developers, marketers, students, and anyone else to integrate AI assistance into their daily tasks. It is designed to enhance productivity across a wide range of professions, from writing and development to management and entrepreneurship	 |Enjoy 53% off with this discount code AWESOMEBF2023|
| 💰  |[ChatTab](https://chattab.app/)  |A ChatGPT Mac App Designed for Minimalists	  |30% OFF if you use Y2NTY3MW from 23th November until November 28th|
| 🤑  |[	GasbyAI](https://gasbyai.com/)  |Fancy AI Assistant - Work with URL/Docs/Audio/Video, generate images, 600+ Prompts, 100+ AI Characters. Support OpenAI, Azure Openai, Claude, OpenRouter and Custom API services	  |Use BF23 to get 40% off for all licenses, 20% off for all plans|

## <a name="marketplaces"></a> 🛒 Marketplaces
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Veshort](https://veshort.com/)  |A URL shortener that helps businesses create more reliable and traceable marketing links for effective targeted marketing, along with features such as bio pages, QR codes, call-to-action overlays, and more.	  |Lifetime Deal $49 |
| 💰  |[	PushAlert](https://pushalert.co/)  |PushAlert (Web Push Notifications) is a user engagement, retention and marketing automation platform which allows you to push real-time notifications to your website users on both mobile and desktop without any mobile app.	  | Get $30 Off on All Annual Plans |
| 🤑  |[Airtrics](https://airtrics.com/)  |Countdown timers for email. Build a timer in seconds with our no-code editor. Integrates easily into all marketing and email services.	  |50% OFF for 3 months with code BF50|

## <a name="marketing-tools"></a> 🌈 Marketing & SEO Tools
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Mail Mastery MEGA BUNDLE](https://unapologeticih.gumroad.com/l/nyzwb)  |250 customizable email templates covering every aspect of client communication with a range of 30+ essential business documents such as invoices, proposals, and client intake guides.	  |60% OFF. Lifetime Access and Updates. Coupon Code: 60OFFMM	|
| 💰  |[PushAlert - Web Push Notifications](https://pushalert.co/web-push-notifications-black-friday-deal?utm_campaign=twf-nikhila)  | PushAlert is a user engagement, retention and marketing automation platform which allows you to push real-time notifications to your website users on both mobile and desktop without any mobile app.	 |30% OFF on All Annual Plans. Coupon Code: Not Required	|
| 🤑  |[	Highperformr.ai - Twitter Analytics & Scheduling Software](https://www.highperformr.ai//?ref=black_friday_deals_by_nikhil)  | Enhance your Twitter presence with Highperformr. Features include Twitter Analytics, CRM, audience building, tweet scheduling, and more.	 |Enjoy a 50% discount. No code needed, the discount auto-applies at checkout.	|


## <a name="other-software"></a> 💾 Other Software
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[PlaylistAI](https://playlistai.app/)  |  Create Spotify and Apple Music playlists with AI	|Get 50% off by downloading the app|
| 💰  |[SaaS Pricing Optimizer](https://ai-pricing.co/?ref=awesomebf)  |Give your pricing page link and receive 6 tailored optimizations to boost your SaaS profit.	  |Get 70% off with the code BLACKFRIDAY70, only valid until Nov 24.|
| 🤑  |[AI Spend](https://aispend.io/?ref=ghawesomebf23)  |Keep track of your OpenAI usage and costs with AI Spend, and never be surprised again.	  |Enjoy 50% off with this discount code BLACKFRIDAY23|


## <a name="places-to-list-your-black-friday-deals"></a> 🔖 Places to List Your Black Friday Deals

| List | Platforms |
|------|-----------|
|  1   | [indiegoodies](https://indiegoodies.com/blackfriday) |
|  2   | [saasfridaydeals](https://saasfridaydeals.com/) |
|  3   | [producthunt](https://www.producthunt.com/discussions/the-ultimate-product-hunt-black-friday-deal-list) |


---

**Disclaimer**: Please note that the deals listed are subject to change. Always check the official website for the latest pricing and discount codes.

Commit message:

Added Chatsimple Ai
Added ChatSimple into the platform to enhance customer engagement and lead capture.

README.md, after:

# 💰 Ultimate Black Friday / Cyber Monday 2024 Deals 🎯

Discover the best Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2024 software and SaaS deals! From productivity tools to premium software subscriptions, find exclusive discounts and offers to boost your tech stack without breaking the bank.

---

## 🛍️ Contents

- 💻 [Apps & Software](#apps) — Must-have productivity apps and tools
- ⚒️ [Developer Tools](#developer-tools) — IDEs, APIs, and dev toolkits at unbeatable prices
- 📚 [Books & eBooks](#books) 
  - 📗 [Programming Books](#programming-books) — Learn new languages and frameworks
- 👩‍🏫 [Courses & Learning Platforms](#courses) — Upskill with discounted courses
- 📩 [Newsletters & Communities](#newsletters) — Join the best tech & SaaS communities
- ♻️ [SaaS Software](#saas-software) — Subscriptions to streamline your business
- 🎨 [Themes & Design Resources](#themes) — Premium design assets and themes
- 🔌 [Plugins & Extensions](#plugins) — Enhance your apps and workflows
- 🧬 [Standalone Scripts & Code Snippets](#standalone-scripts) — Save time with ready-made scripts
- 🤖 [AI Tools & Automation](#ai-tools) — AI-powered tools for next-gen productivity
- 🛒 [Marketplaces](#marketplaces) — Find deals across popular software marketplaces
- 🌈 [Marketing & SEO Tools](#marketing-tools) — Turbocharge your marketing efforts
- 💾 [Other Software](#other-software) — Hidden gems and niche software deals
- 🔖 [Places to List Your Black Friday Deals](#places-to-list-your-black-friday-deals) — Share your own offers!

---

## 🛍️ Contribute to the Black Friday & Cyber Monday Deals 2024! ✍️
We invite you to contribute to our curated list of deals for Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2024! Your contributions help everyone find the best offers and maximize their savings.

### How to Contribute:
🔁 **Send a Pull Request**  
If you have a deal to share, please add it by submitting a pull request. Make sure to place your deal at the end of the relevant category (first come, first merged).

👤 **Non-Techie?**  
No worries! You can submit your deal using this [form](https://forms.gle/hTP9TpUuTZjMaypk6).

---

## Let's Make This Repository Trending!
⭐ Star this repository to help it gain visibility and trend on Black Friday! The more stars we get, the better the deals we can find together!

### Adding Your Deals:
Feel free to add your app's deal below in the relevant section. Please follow the discount emoji guidelines:

| Emoji | Discount Percentage |
|-------|---------------------|
| 💵    | Less than 20%       |
| 💰    | Between 20% and 50% |
| 🤑    | 50% or more         |

### Don't Forget:
👉 Give this repo a star to make it popular this Black Friday! ⭐🤩  
👉 Bookmark this page so you can return next year for more great deals in 2025! 📆🤩  

---



## <a name="apps"></a> 💻 Apps
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |	[OK JSON](https://okjson.app/) | A scriptable JSON formatter for macOS. |50% OFF, both on the Mac App Store and the website with code BF2023 from Nov 23 – Nov 29 |
| 💰  | [RunJS](https://runjs.app/) |A playground for JavaScript and TypeScript  |30% OFF (automatically applied) until 30th November|
| 🤑  | [DevUtils](https://devutils.com/) | All-in-one toolbox for developers. Fully supports Apple Silicon & macOS Ventura.	 |50% OFF with code BLACKFRIDAY_2023 |


## <a name="developer-tools"></a> ⚒️ Developer Tools
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Dotenv](https://dotenv.org/)  | Secrets for developers. Sync your .env files across machines, environments, and team members. |25% OFF forever with code BLACKFRIDAY_2023 Sign up and then email support@dotenv.org with the code. |
| 💰  |[Tailscan](https://tailscan.com/)  |The ultimate devtool for Tailwind CSS. Build, design and debug any Tailwind website visually with Tailscan, right within the browser.	  | 20% discount from 13th November until Cyber Monday (limited slots) |
| 🤑  |[myJson](https://myjson.online/?ref=awesomebf2023)  |A RESTful API for flexible storage of JSON data.	  |50% discount for 100k credits BF2023|


## <a name="books"></a> 📚 Books
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Tao of Node](https://alexanderkondov.gumroad.com/l/tao-of-node)  | Guidelines and best practices to build better REST APIs with Node and Express.	 | 50% OFF with code BLACKFRIDAY23 |
| 💰  |[Consuming APIs in Laravel](https://consuming-apis-in-laravel.com/)  |Learn how to confidently integrate third-party APIs in your Laravel projects using maintainable, testable and extensible code.	  |30% off with code BLACKFRIDAY2023 |
| 🤑  |[Vue School](https://vueschool.io/sales/blackfriday)  |Master Vue.js and the Ecosystem	  | Get 60% OFF on a Vue School subscription|


## <a name="programming-books"></a> 📗 Programming Books
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Boost Your Django DX](https://adamchainz.gumroad.com/l/byddx)  | Tools and techniques to improve your Django development experience.	 |50% off from $39 to $19.50. No code needed.|
| 💰  |[	Battle Ready Laravel](https://battle-ready-laravel.com/)  | The ultimate guide to auditing, testing, fixing and improving your Laravel applications so you can build better apps faster and with more confidence.	 | 30% off with code BLACKFRIDAY2023|
| 🤑  |[JavaScript Interview Flashcards](https://darakondoff.gumroad.com/l/syzcwy/TPC50)  | An effortless way to learn fundamental JS concepts and prepare for your next interview.	 | 50% off with code TPC50. |


## <a name="courses"></a> 👩‍🏫 Courses
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[🧲 Building and Selling AI Startups](https://code4startup.com/black_friday/)  |Mega discount for the Bundle of AI Premium Series	  | 90 % discount from now until Cyber Monday. |
| 💰  |[	How To Build a SaaS Product](https://usegravity.app/how-to-build-a-saas)  | 25+ hours of video content teaching you everything you need to build a SaaS product. From authentication, design and payments to security and more.	 |30 % OFF from Black Friday until Cyber Monday with code BLACKFRIDAY23|
| 🤑  |[JavaScript Fundamentals in Visual Studio Code](https://store.coderslang.com/l/beginner-js/BF23)  | Gain mastery over JavaScript variables, types, functions, loops, objects, arrays, exceptions and more, as we lay the groundwork for your journey into dynamic web development. No fluff, just actionable knowledge to propel your skills forward.	 | 70% DISCOUNT with the code BF23|


## <a name="newsletters"></a> 📩 Newsletter & Communities
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[	SubSearchr - 1900+ Substack Newsletters Database](https://unapologeticih.gumroad.com/l/subsearchr)  |✓ Airtable databases including details such as Description, URL, Member Count, Creator, Categories, Links & filterable categories include Startup, AI, Entrepreneurship, Solopreneur, Tech and more.	  |50% OFF. Lifetime Access and Updates. Coupon Code:50SUBSTACK	|
| 💰  |[Readbetter.io](https://readbetter.io/)  | Readbetter lets you read your favorite newsletters and web articles on your Kindle! Automatically receive your Substacks & co. on Kindle instead of in your email inbox.	 |20% off all yearly plans with code BLACKFRIDAY|
| 🤑  |[Leave Me Alone](https://leavemealone.com/)  |  Easily unsubscribe from emails. See all of your newsletters in one place and unsubscribe from them with a single click.	|40% OFF (automatically applied)|


## <a name="saas-software"></a> ♻️ SaaS Software
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[HelpKit.so](https://www.helpkit.so/)  | Turn your Notion pages into a professional help center or documentation site. HelpKit comes with an embeddable widget, full-text search, AI chatbot, analytics, article reactions much more. Deliver instant help to your customers without ever leaving Notion.	 |35% OFF with code black_friday_23|
| 💰  |[StatusPal](https://www.statuspal.io/?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=awesome_blackfriday&utm_id=blackfriday23)  | Communicate about incidents and maintenance effectively with a beautiful Status Page - Powerful automations and API enable you to focus on solving rather than communicating.	 |30% OFF for 1 year with code AWESOME_BLACKFRIDAY until Nov. 29th|
| 🤑  |[HR Kit](https://leoai.gumroad.com/l/human-resource-kit)  |Comprehensive HR solutions for small and medium business	  |50% OFF with BF50 from November 21st - 28th (limited spots)|


## <a name="themes"></a> 🎨 Themes & Design Resources
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[ElementsReady Addons For Elementor](https://quomodosoft.com/deals/)  |  ElementsReady Addons is an Ultimate Solution for Elementor user with 100+ Free and Premimum widgets and 1000+ ready presets and Elements	|Upto 80% discount! Starting at $49/Lifetime|
| 💰  |[Gato GraphQL](https://gatographql.com/black-friday/)  |Interact with your data in WordPress: Bulk updates, Automation, Send notifications, Sync content, and more.	  |40% OFF the “All Extensions” Bundle|
| 💰  |[Themify Themes](https://themify.me/blog/massive-black-friday-sale-2023?utm=github)  | Premium WordPress Themes & Plugins, each theme can be used on an unlimited number of websites.	 |Massive Black Friday & Cyber Monday Sale – Enjoy 40% OFF or $75 on LIFETIME!|


## <a name="plugins"></a> 🔌 Plugins
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 💰  |[Bit Form](https://bitapps.pro/black-friday-deals-2023/?utm=github)  | Bit Form is the Best Contact Form Builder for WordPress. Build Highly Customized Forms in the Fastest & Easiest way possible.	 |Flat 40% discount! Starting at $23.40/Year|
| 💰  |[Essential Addons For Elementor](https://essential-addons.com/elementor/#pricing)  |The most popular Elementor widgets library for 1 million users, offering 90+ advanced elements.	  |Starting at $34, with up to a 40% discount!|
| 💰  |[Coupon Affiliates for WooCommerce](https://couponaffiliates.com/)  |Easily create a coupon-based affiliate program for your WooCommerce site.	  |30% OFF with code BF2023|

## <a name="standalone-scripts"></a> 🧬 Standalone Scripts
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[kQuote](https://kquote.vip/)  | The photographer's estimation and quotation system.	 |Up to 90% OFF. Coupon Code: KFOTO for Photographers , KFOTOSELLER for Resellers/Web Designers	|

## <a name="ai-tools"></a> 🤖 AI Tools & Automation
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[BoltAI](https://boltai.com/?ref=awesomebf)  | Native ChatGPT app for Mac. It allows entrepreneurs, developers, marketers, students, and anyone else to integrate AI assistance into their daily tasks. It is designed to enhance productivity across a wide range of professions, from writing and development to management and entrepreneurship	 |Enjoy 53% off with this discount code AWESOMEBF2023|
| 💰  |[ChatTab](https://chattab.app/)  |A ChatGPT Mac App Designed for Minimalists	  |30% OFF if you use Y2NTY3MW from 23th November until November 28th|
| 💰  |[Chatsimple](https://www.chatsimple.ai/?via=aitools-fyi)  |Chatsimple helps you add a smart chatbot to your website in just 5 minutes. Powered by ChatGPT, it makes talking to your customers easier and better |50% OFF for 1 year or for the first three months of monthly plans **FRIDAY50**|
| 🤑  |[	GasbyAI](https://gasbyai.com/)  |Fancy AI Assistant - Work with URL/Docs/Audio/Video, generate images, 600+ Prompts, 100+ AI Characters. Support OpenAI, Azure Openai, Claude, OpenRouter and Custom API services	  |Use BF23 to get 40% off for all licenses, 20% off for all plans|

## <a name="marketplaces"></a> 🛒 Marketplaces
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Veshort](https://veshort.com/)  |A URL shortener that helps businesses create more reliable and traceable marketing links for effective targeted marketing, along with features such as bio pages, QR codes, call-to-action overlays, and more.	  |Lifetime Deal $49 |
| 💰  |[	PushAlert](https://pushalert.co/)  |PushAlert (Web Push Notifications) is a user engagement, retention and marketing automation platform which allows you to push real-time notifications to your website users on both mobile and desktop without any mobile app.	  | Get $30 Off on All Annual Plans |
| 🤑  |[Airtrics](https://airtrics.com/)  |Countdown timers for email. Build a timer in seconds with our no-code editor. Integrates easily into all marketing and email services.	  |50% OFF for 3 months with code BF50|

## <a name="marketing-tools"></a> 🌈 Marketing & SEO Tools
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[Mail Mastery MEGA BUNDLE](https://unapologeticih.gumroad.com/l/nyzwb)  |250 customizable email templates covering every aspect of client communication with a range of 30+ essential business documents such as invoices, proposals, and client intake guides.	  |60% OFF. Lifetime Access and Updates. Coupon Code: 60OFFMM	|
| 💰  |[PushAlert - Web Push Notifications](https://pushalert.co/web-push-notifications-black-friday-deal?utm_campaign=twf-nikhila)  | PushAlert is a user engagement, retention and marketing automation platform which allows you to push real-time notifications to your website users on both mobile and desktop without any mobile app.	 |30% OFF on All Annual Plans. Coupon Code: Not Required	|
| 🤑  |[	Highperformr.ai - Twitter Analytics & Scheduling Software](https://www.highperformr.ai//?ref=black_friday_deals_by_nikhil)  | Enhance your Twitter presence with Highperformr. Features include Twitter Analytics, CRM, audience building, tweet scheduling, and more.	 |Enjoy a 50% discount. No code needed, the discount auto-applies at checkout.	|


## <a name="other-software"></a> 💾 Other Software
| Name | Description | Discount Code & Terms |
|------|-------------|-----------------------|
| 🤑  |[PlaylistAI](https://playlistai.app/)  |  Create Spotify and Apple Music playlists with AI	|Get 50% off by downloading the app|
| 💰  |[SaaS Pricing Optimizer](https://ai-pricing.co/?ref=awesomebf)  |Give your pricing page link and receive 6 tailored optimizations to boost your SaaS profit.	  |Get 70% off with the code BLACKFRIDAY70, only valid until Nov 24.|
| 🤑  |[AI Spend](https://aispend.io/?ref=ghawesomebf23)  |Keep track of your OpenAI usage and costs with AI Spend, and never be surprised again.	  |Enjoy 50% off with this discount code BLACKFRIDAY23|


## <a name="places-to-list-your-black-friday-deals"></a> 🔖 Places to List Your Black Friday Deals

| List | Platforms |
|------|-----------|
|  1   | [indiegoodies](https://indiegoodies.com/blackfriday) |
|  2   | [saasfridaydeals](https://saasfridaydeals.com/) |
|  3   | [producthunt](https://www.producthunt.com/discussions/the-ultimate-product-hunt-black-friday-deal-list) |


---

**Disclaimer**: Please note that the deals listed are subject to change. Always check the official website for the latest pricing and discount codes.
